A first Lie group! (#8)
JuliaManifolds/LieGroups.jl: docs/src/notation.md

# Notation on Lie Groups

For most of the notation used throughout this package, we follow [HilgertNeeb:2012](@cite).

| Symbol | Description | Also used | Comment |
|:--:|:--------------- |:--:|:-- |
| ``∘`` | a group operation | |
| ``c_g:\mathcal G → \mathcal G`` | the conjugation map (with `g`) | |
| ``\mathrm{e}`` | identity element of a group | |
| ``g, h, k`` | elements on a (Lie) group. Sometimes called points. | ``g_1, g_2, ...`` |
| ``\mathfrak g`` | a Lie algebra | |
| ``\mathcal{G}`` | a (Lie) group | |
| ``λ_g: \mathcal G → \mathcal G`` | the left group operation map ``λ_g(h) = g∘h`` | |

> | ``\mathcal M`` | a manifold | ``\mathcal M_1, \mathcal M_2,\ldots,\mathcal N`` | |

Reviewer: Maybe instead of mentioning things defined in Manifolds.jl notation file we should just link to it, and here only provide new definitions?

Author: Right, we could do that as well for M and p and such.

Author: Fixed it.

| Symbol | Description | Also used | Comment |
|:--:|:--------------- |:--:|:-- |
| ``∘`` | a group operation | |
| ``c_g:\mathcal G → \mathcal G`` | the conjugation map (with `g`) | |
| ``\mathrm{e}`` | identity element of a group | |
| ``g, h, k`` | elements on a (Lie) group. Sometimes called points. | ``g_1, g_2, ...`` |
| ``\mathfrak g`` | a Lie algebra | |
| ``\mathcal{G}`` | a (Lie) group | |
| ``λ_g: \mathcal G → \mathcal G`` | the left group operation map ``λ_g(h) = g∘h`` | |
| ``\mathcal M`` | a manifold | ``\mathcal M_1, \mathcal M_2,\ldots,\mathcal N`` | |
| ``ρ_g: \mathcal G → \mathcal G`` | the right group operation map ``ρ_g(h) = h∘g`` | |

> | ``σ: \mathcal G × \mathcal M`` | a left group action | ``σ_g(p)`` to emphasize a fixed grou pelement |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ``σ: \mathcal G × \mathcal M`` | a left group action | ``σ_g(p)`` to emphasize a fixed group element |
```

> | ``τ: \mathcal M × \mathcal G`` | a right group action | ``σ_\mathrm{R}`` | ``τ_g(p)`` o emphasize a fixed grou pelement |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ``τ: \mathcal M × \mathcal G`` | a right group action | ``σ_\mathrm{R}`` | ``τ_g(p)`` to emphasize a fixed group element |
```
